To use this, you must have a mongo client/server running with an empty database folder. Whenever a request is made, the images used, along with the analysis, twitter handle, and timestamp get put into a new mongo document. I then select all of analysis words by largest count and make a histogram to see the most common or trending words, this is displayed on the website.

### MYSQL vs MongoDB

I found both of them relatively easy to use, but I have had a lot of sql experience in the past. While I only created single table for SQL, I do think this specify problem lends itself more to a nosql/mongo style datastore. The major reasons are that lists are very unintuitive to store in mysql. So if for each job/twitter handle I have a list of words thatdescribe the media, it is not easy to store these in MYSQL. I used a comma separated list, where in my query I simply separate the list. And while Mongo still has to do a lot of processing on the backend to achieve a query such as counting distinct words, from a user(not efficiency perspective), I believe is easier. However some aspects of this make more sense in SQL. For example, had I made a more complex database, such as a seaprate users table, where I store every twitter handle, and some metadata, this could be a foreign key into a table each individual video summary. So if I wanted to pull all videos by a twitter handle, it could be handled via an index rather than scanning for all objects/documents with that attribute. I think for quick easy applications like this, Mongo is simply the easier choice. 
